hi guys and welcome to a brand new video
I'm sorry - a video last Friday I was
actually visiting my family who've not
seen for a while so I thought about with
my video step away a good time but is
Tuesday so it's time for a new video and
this one is pretty interesting I'm sure
you guys can tell I go to haircut last
Wednesday I thought I actually may be
discussed there socially weird things
about having a haircut now let's run
through some of the socially weird
things about getting a haircut the stuff
that I find particularly last week but I
normally find awkward and weird I don't
know if this counts for a girl but as a
guy when if someone asks what do you
want from me a haircut I have no idea
what to say normally it's like I guess I
just want a shorter and I just have no
idea quite how to describe what I want
in my hair I've seen people be able to
do it and they come in with like
pictures and they know exactly if they
won't like layering and all this kind of
stuff most of time I was like I want to
shorten I wanted the same thing but a
little bit shorter I don't know if you
guys get drinks and hairdressers but
often I'll get like a latte or something
I've never quite sure when to drink it
if I put it towards my mouth and
someone's cutting my hair then the hair
goes in the drink but there's no other
time because the person is constant
cutting my hair so is kinda like a
little game I have no idea when am I
meant to drink this drink as you guys
may know I have massive ants
these are big heads so what you do with
your hands when you're sitting down for
an hour you can't look at your phone
because then you'll have your head done
so you put them in your pocket or you
just like rest them on your legs I mean
that is terribly socially awkward but I
have no idea what to do with my hands
also would you look do you look at your
hair do you look at the person coming
your hair do you think is something else
going on in their dressers do you look
at your phone or put no because that
moves on to another thing where you have
to keep your head still
so you almost have to move your eyes
around because you can't move your head
you have to like move your eyes so no
one does there's no other place in the
world do you keep your head perfectly
straight just look around using your
eyes another problem for me in
particular is I'm pretty much blind
without my glasses I can't see so the
person could be literally doing anything
to me and I would have no idea I just
know my head yeah it's just kind of what
I want and hope that by the time the
haircuts over it is at least ten percent
of what I'm looking for I just can't see
there's also the tough battle between
terrible small talk like who you are
where you're from where have you been on
vacation or a holiday what did you do
today what are you doing there at the
weekend or complete silence there's no
in-between between terrible trivial chat
and absolute silence the one thing I've
never understood is at the end of the
hairdresser's maybe it's just me because
I'm a guy we've girls this is useful I
don't know they come over with the
mirror and they kind of show you both
sides I don't think I've ever heard
anyone say no like that that's a problem
pretty sure everyone just says yep
that's alright that's fine no problem
what else is too late it's too late for
you to say anything if they've already
cut it up so badly
what are you meant to save did you do it
like every five minutes you know what's
going on but at the end there's no point
because this way too late anyway so
that's what I think about getting your
hair cut sometimes it's great sometimes
it's horribly horribly nerve-racking and
just yeah what do you guys think
have you had terrible experience with
getting a haircut let me know new video
on Friday until then hope you enjoyed
this one and have a lovely day